Event is planning for companies large and small since 1982
Picnies with your company in mind!Pricing to fit every budget.
We do it all:
Setup and cleanup
Shuttle service between parking area and site if needed
Food and beverages(choose from a wide variety of snack and meal options)
Games and activities for adults and children(many to choose from)
Photos
Gift bags for each guest(optional;your choice of items to include)
We'll come to your site,or you can rent either of our two beautiful spaces:the Garden
Grove in Glenview (for up to 200 people)or the Bridge Center in Woodsorrel
Treat your staff to an event they'll remember!

My company is considering hiring Staff Celebrations for our employee picnic this summer,
and the company gave us your name as a reference.If you have a moment,could you
answer a few questions about their services?Specifically,we would like to know what the
staff and location were like and whether the gift bag option is worth the additional cost.It
would be very helpful if you could send us your impressions by the end of next week.
Thank you in advance for your help.

I am happy to provide you with some information about Staff Celebrations.We hired
them for our tenth annual company picnic,which was held this past July.Over 200 of
our employees and their families were in attendance.After looking into several options,
we settled on Staff Celebrations to plan and host our event because they were highly
recommended by several other companies in the area.We were delighted with the
convenience of their service.All we had to do was make a few menu and game
selections,and they did the rest.We chose to use one of their sites,which was as
beautiful as promised.Despite uncomfortably high temperatures on the day of our event,
the staff at Staff Celebrations remained cheerful and enthusiastic.We did not opt for the
gift bag option,although I recall from our initial meeting that the choices for that
seemed to be reasonably priced and of high quality.I highly recommend Staff Celebrations.Regards

What is indicated about Staff Celebrations?
It provides snacks free of charge.
It has a new location.
It offers transportation for guests
It requires payment in advance.

Why did Mr.Bukowski contact Ms.Chalmers?
To inquire about the services provided by Staff Celebrations
To give her some information about a research project
To ask her company to cater an upcoming event
To make suggestions for improving a

In the first e-mail,the word "impressions"is closest in meaning to perceptions.

What does Ms.Chalmers mention that Mr.Bukowski did NOT specifically ask about?
Gift bags
Location
Staff
Food

Where was the Sybrass Architecture event most likely held?
At Fording Fitness Center
At Sybrass Architecture
At the Garden Grove
At the Bridge Center