This report documents the results of a study
conducted by the Centre for Management
Development and Assessment on behalf
of Vaughan Biotechnics.The investigation sought
to determine whether administrative workers
have sufficient career advancement opportunities
and whether the current set of leadership training
courses meets the needs of supervisors
The responses of Human Resources directors
illustrate the current state of affairs,since they are
responsible for ensuring that employees have

ample training and development opportunities.
Nearly 71%of HR personnel indicated that
Vaughan Biotechnics does not provide sufficient
training for potential supervisors.Some suggested
that the lack of training opportunities led to low
promotion rates.
In addition to providing in-depth coverage
of these and other findings,this document
contains a series of recommendations that will
be carefully studied by company leaders for
possible implementation

I'd like to add another course to the list of suggestions.Having led various large-scale
projects over the last five years,I have come to realize how helpful social media can be
for supervisors and managers.Therefore,I suggest that you include among the new
training courses one that focuses on social media and covers such topics as planning,
executing,and assessing social media campaigns.
Thank you and best wishes,

Supervisor Training is Available now.
On Tuesday,HR director Mr.Rylan Saunders unveiled the new training programme for
employees interested in becoming supervisors.The redesigned programme is the result of
an inquiry carried out last January that looked into the opportunities available to employees
wanting to move up the career ladder.It also included an analysis of the training,which
determined that Vaughan Biotechnic's original programme was no longer effective.The
improved programme includes courses that reflect today's complex work environment.
Courses like Supervising Using Social Media help would-be managers learn how to utilize
current tools to lead successful projects.Click the professional development link for more information and register.

Why did the CMDA collect information from the directors of Human Resources?
They used to hold leadership positions.
They determine the criteria for promotion.
They provide staff with learning opportunities.
They are in charge of hiring new employees.

What is indicated about the CMDA study?
It was completed in January.
It is conducted every year.
It was critical of supervisors.
It was distributed to the public.

What most likely is a recommendation the CMDA made to Vaughan Biotechnics?
Reduce funds available to directors of Human Resources.
Change the type of courses aspiring supervisors must take.
Increase the number of female supervisors in its labor force.
Allow for more meetings between supervisors and upper management.

In the e-mail,the word "covers" is closest in meaning to "is concerned with".

What is suggested about Ms.Gorshani?
Her leadership style is popular with her employees.
Her proposal to the HR director was accepted.
She participated in the investigation conducted by the CMDA.
She thinks there are enough opportunities for mentoring.