I am writing to invite you to sponsor the Linwood Community Center's annual Bike
for Linwood fund-raising event.The money raised by this year's 50-kilometer ride
will support the new music education program at the center.Sponsorship would give
your company great exposure as the event will be covered by local newspapers and is 
attended by over 5000 spectators.

Our sponsorship options include the following.
This is Primary Sponsor.Company name and logo will be prominently displayed on all
promotional materials.Company representative will be photographed with the race winners.
This is Associate Sponsor:Company name will be listed on banners at the event.Sponsor
will receive a certificate of appreciation suitable for display.
This is Corporate Sponsor:Company name will be listed in our directory of sponsors.
Sponsor will receive a certificate of appreciation.
This is Contributing Sponsor:Sponsor will receive a certificate of appreciation.

No matter at what level you choose to participate,you will be helping the
community.Please contact me with any questions.Sincerely.

I am attaching a digital copy of our company's logo for use in your event's advertising
materials.
Our director of Community Relations,Nancy Glass,and her assistant will be attending
the event and would like to have electronic copies of the photographs from the event to
post on our Web site.She would also like to tour the Linwood Community Center
before the event and meet some of the students from the new program.Please confirm
that this is possible and let me know what time she should plan to arrive.Sincerely.

Bike for Linwood Fund-raising Event is Sponsored by TORY Pharmaceuticals.
Riders depart from Swanton Town Hall,and the finish line is in front of
Linwood Center.Riders and spectators are invited to stay for a celebration
that includes entertainment provided by the students from the center's
newest program.Food and drinks will be available for purchase.

For whom is the letter most likely intended?
Advertising designers
Business owners
Local bicycle riders
Community center volunteers

In the letter,the word"exposure"in paragraph 1,line 4,is closest in meaning to
condition of being made known
state of being unprotected
disclosure of something secret
position with reference to compass

What type of sponsorship did Tory Pharmaceuticals most likely select?
Primary sponsor
Associate sponsor
Corporate sponsor
Contributing sponsor

What is suggested about Nancy Glass?
She works at the community center.
She will be competing in the race.
She will have her picture taken with the winners of the race.
She has attended this fund-raising event for several years.

What is indicated about the event?
It was started by Blake Kelly.
Riders will start from the community center.
Portions of the race will be televised.
It includes a musical performance.