Ms.Iwata handed out copies of the agenda that she had printed for the meeting.

The food order for the conference must be sent to the caterer by Friday at 5:00 P.M.

The product review says that the Cozy Days space heater is slower to warm up than similar products.

Employees from San Jose International will arrive in Alajuela tomorrow for their first training session.

To apply for a driving permit,you must show two forms of identification.

Sales of Seviana Cosmetics have steadily improved since the new marketing campaign began last quarter.

Most applicants to Shim Accounting Services have completed a paid internship at the company headquarters.

Each Beehive Crafts Supply customer may redeem one coupon per visit.

Dietrich Dentistry asks patients to provide 24-hour notice to cancel a scheduled appointment.

The building inspection has been postponed until next week so that the electrical work
can be completed.

Mr.Carson will make all the arrangements for the company retreat next month

The cafeteria in Morris Hall offers complimentary breakfast and lunch for Arai and Ramos associates.

Visitors to Kensington Corporation must obtain guest passes from the security office prior to entering the facility.

Tachibana Pharmaceuticals'new method of combining chemical solutions will increase efficiency in the laboratory.

Lexino Publisher's dictionary database allows users to search for entries in multiple languages.

No one is permitted on the factory floor without proper safety gear.

Heidt Used Appliance Store guarantees that your purchase will arrive in working condition.

while Ms.Park appreciated the job offer from Seon Advisory Group,she declined the opportunity because she would have to relocate.

The convention center is located on Market Street,directly opposite Glenview Shopping Center.

Originally a small festival celebrating the town's heritage,the Clarytown Celebration has become one of the biggest     annual events in the area.

Priorities of the management team include improving productivity and reducing annual expenditures.

Those employees affected by changes to Linerex Corporation's health plan should watch the online presentation.

Senior human resources personnel need to have hosted at least two training events this year to be eligible for a bonus.

Aomori Agriculture Solutions specializes in increasing crop yields through the development of better farming techniques.

Chae Media,Inc.,plans to move forward with the renovation of its publishing house in Seoul.

The marketing team at Bescura Cars has created a series of deliberately humorous commercials,designed to appeal to younger consumers.

Programmers at Ulrich-Ahn Company are responsible for ensuring that software conforms to the established system standards.

Pour the cake batter into the pan and shake gently if the batter is unevenly distributed.

Geneto Technology uses three indicators of laboratory accuracy to ensure consistent results.

The financial figures released by Tsai and Wu International correspond only to expenses from the month of July.
