She's wearing headphones.
She's opening a drawer.
She's holding a microphone.
She's pushing a button.

They're using laptop computers
They're exchanging business cards.
One of the men is putting on a sweater.
One of the men is moving a chair.

She's pointing toward a building
She's handing the man an umbrella.
They're greeting each other.
They're walking side by side.

A chalkboard is being erased.
Some people are attending a presentation.
A man is leaning against a doorway.
All of the seats are occupied.

Passengers are exiting an airport terminal.
An aircraft is taking off from a runway.
Pieces of luggage are lined up on the pavement.
A staircase has been positioned next to an airplane

(A)Fresh vegetables are being chopped on a cutting board.
(B)Food is being cleared from a counter.
(C)Bowls have been stacked on a kitchen shelf.
(D)Some cookware has been left on a stove.

What time does the movie start tonight?
We're moving on Saturday.
At seven o'clock.
It was in the theater.

Where is the furniture department?
On the tenth floor.
A sofa and two chairs.
I took it apart.

Who led the budget presentation yesterday?
Yes,I read it.
The main conference room.
Ms.Varma did.

Would you rather drive to the game or take the train?
Let's drive.
On Thursday,I believe.
Please take it with you.

When are they announcing the winner of the competition?
At the radio station.
By the end of the week.
A gift certificate.

Would you like to make a donation to the arts council fund?
No thanks,I have some.
He's very generous.
Sure,here's five dollars

Who chose the restaurant for the company banquet?
Maybe once last year.
Someone from Human Resources.
Next Friday evening.

Are you going to accept the management position?
Everyone else.
They are in finance.
Yes,I start June first.

Which spaces are designated for visitor parking?
Only for two hours.
It's alright,I'll take the bus.
The ones with yellow signs.

Wouldn't you rather meet in a conference room?
It usually doesn't.
A three o'clock meeting.
It would be quieter.

Do you know who this jacket belongs to?
Yes,very expensive
No,where did you find it?
It won't take too long.

Let's work through lunch to finish the project.
A sandwich and an apple.
But I really need a break!
It was this morning.

Why does Dr.Yang need another lab assistant?
I didn't know he requested one.
At least three years experience.
Yes,we visited the new lab.

Dr.Martinez will be free this afternoon.
I've been here before.
What about tomorrow morning?
The pharmacy is just downstairs.

Can I write an article on the festival for Tuesday's newspaper?
You're right;it's too long.
The deadline has passed.
He's at the museum now.

Don't you want to see the apartment?
West of Main Street.
We had to order a part.
I have found a place already.

Should I order the supplies now,or wait until next week?
A total of seventy-five dollars.
Actually,I already sent the order.
It's in the supply closet.

How should I store these photographs?
Mateo is responsible for that.
From the company picnic.
Yes,the staff is very helpful.

Where should I set up the equipment for theev photo shoot?
That's scheduled for next week.
It was taken in Amsterdam.
I got it from the electronics store.

You haven't seen Jennifer today,have you?
I saw her a while ago.
I don't have any yet.
No,my name's Janet

Could you help me find the Murphy Company file?
I'm fine,thanks.
He left a while ago
I don't work on that account.

Why has the workshop been canceled?
About twenty minutes ago.
In Room Fourteen.
Because many people couldn't attend.

You've already signed the contract,haven't you?
I'll do it right now.
Yes,I turned it off.
What does the sign say?

I thought the professional development training was really helpful.
I'd be happy to help.
That was my experience,too.
Sure,I'll take care of it.

Where did you make the dinner reservation?
Tomorrow at twelve-thirty.
Didn't you make it?
For fourteen people.

Hi Karen,I wonder if you can help me.I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow afternoon,so I need someone to
take my shift at the restaurant.
No problem-I can do that.Would you cover my shift next Monday evening in exchange?
Of course.I'll let the supervisor know about the change in schedule right now.

What does the man say he has to do tomorrow?
Have his car fixed
See a doctor
Submit a report

What do the speakers agree to do?
Collaborate on a project
Meet at a restaurant
Exchange contact information
Trade work shifts

What will the man probably do next?
Notify a manager
Cancel an appointment
Train new staff
Clean a work area

Hi Ken,hi Julio!How did the art gallery opening go last weekend?Was the client happy with the marketing materials?
Alfredo?He was very pleased.He said he thought the brochures we designed were one of the main reasons for such a great 
turnout.
And it's worth checking out the gallery when you have some time.I'm sure Alfredo would be happy to give you a tour.
Yes,the place is so bright and modern,with a fantastic collection of local works of art.
You know,I'm taking a vacation in that area in February.I'll make a point of visiting him.

What were the men doing last weekend?
Conducting a tour
Training new employees
Attending a gallery opening
Designing a building

What type of work did the speakers do for Alfredo?
They created marketing materials.
They furnished an office space.
They revised a workflow procedure.
They made a financial investment.

What does the woman plan to do in February?
Hire new staff
Relocate to another city
Attend a conference
Take a vacation

Hi Petra Barlw.I have an interview for a position in the accounting department here at Houseman Incorporated.
Hello,Ms.Barlow.Let me check in the computer.While ldo that,would you put on this visitor's badge so it's easy to see?
Yes,of course.I'm supposed to meet with Helen Wade in Meeting Room 2B.Is that right?
Actually,it looks like there was a last-minute change.You'll be meeting in Room 12A instead.It's down that hallway and  to your left.
Thanks a lot!

Why is the woman at Houseman Incorporated?
To register for a class
To have a business lunch
To lead a seminar
To attend an interview

What does the man ask the woman to do?
Wait in the lobby
Update an application
Wear a badge
Provide photo identification

What does the man say has changed?
The location of a meeting
The date of an event
The length of a session
The number of participants

Good afternoon.I currently subscribe to your Gold Plan satellite television package.I'd like to switch to the Platinum 
Plan because there are some new movie channels that I'd like to watch.
Of course,I'd be happy to help you upgrade your subscription.Could you spell your last name for me so that I can look up your account?
Yes,it's K-W-A-N.When should I expect to have access to the extra channels?
Your account will reset tomorrow at six A.M.,so you'll be able to watch them first thing in the morning.I just want to
remind you that an extra fifteen dollars will appear on your next monthly bill for this expanded service.

What is the conversation mainly about?
A television service
A newspaper subscription
A radio program
A theater production

What does the woman ask for?
(A)A bank balance
(B)The Web-site address of a business
(C)The spelling of a name
(D)A serial number

According to the woman,when will the change take effect?

Hi,I've just unloaded the last box of bathroom tiles.The whole delivery's in your warehouse now.Would you be able to 
sign for them?I need a signature.
I'm sorry;this is my first day on the job.I'd better check with the warehouse manager to see if I'm allowed to do that.
Should I wait here while you check?
Actually,if you wouldn't mind moving your truck,that'd be great,since we're expecting some other deliveries shortly.

What does the woman request?
An invoice
A map
A signature
A replacement part

What does the man say he has to do?
Find his security pass
Talk with a supervisor
Unlock a door
Check inventory

What does the man ask the woman to do?
Return later
Lower a price
Move a vehicle
Remove some boxes

OK,Ms.Torres,I have your price estimate.To have the whole exterior of your house painted,including the fence,will cost 
you five thousand dollars.
That's quite a bit more than we expected.And actually Colgate Painting said they would do it for four thousand dollars.
Well,the cost of paint and supplies is included in the price I quoted you,so we really offer a very good deal.
That's a bit of a relief.If there are no other charges,we'll probably be able to stay within our budget.

What are the speakers discussing?
An appliance warranty
Blueprints from a designer
A building permit
A home improvement project

Why does the woman say,"And actually Colgate Painting said they would do it for four thousand dollars"?
To clarify a request
To negotiate a price
To offer some help
To recommend a service

Why is the woman relieved? 
Some work will be completed on time.
A cost estimate includes supplies.
A selected item is in stock.
Experienced workers will be on-site.

Thabo and Michiko,I need help designing some pamphlets for our evening business courses.I'd like to have them ready 
before the end of April.
Sure.Should we take a look at the ones from last year or make them different?
You know,I think the pamphlets last year had too many details.People can get dates and times from the Web site.
I agree.Let's focus on the skills that people will learn in each class.
OK.I'll come up with a rough version of the text for the pamphlet by tomorrow and e-mail it to you.Then,next week we can start working on the design.

What are the speakers planning to advertise?
Evening classes
Job opportunities
An online store
A printing demonstration

According to the man,what was the problem with last year's pamphlets?
They were not ready on time.
They were the wrong size.
The information was too specific.
The contact number was missing.

What does the man say he will seng the woman?
Free product samples
A list of participants
A draft of a document 
A revised schedule

Hello.I'm calling because I'd like to temporarily stop my mail delivery.I'm going to be out of town for the next two    weeks.
Certainly.We can hold your mail here at the post office for you.But you'll need to put in your request at least a day
before you leave.
That sounds great.Do I need to come into the office and complete a form?
No,actually,you have to submit the "hold mail"form on our Web site.

Why is the man calling?
To make plane reservations
To reschedule mail delivery
To get directions to a shop
To order some envelopes

According to the woman,how far in advance should the man make his request?

What is the man required to do?
Pay a fee
Confirm an address
Give an account number
Submit an online form

Hello,Oscar-it's Tanya from the Cardona Museum.Unfortunately our budget's been cut,so we'll have to delay some of the 
renovations we've asked you to do.
Ah-that's too bad.Do you know which parts of the project you'd like to put off?
Well,I know we talked about adding a library wing on the west side of the building-but that's very expensive.So,if we 
don't make that addition,that's all we may need to cut.
You know,that's not a bad idea.Let's see how much you'd save if I take the library out of the renovation proposal.I'll 
e-mail you a revised estimate this afternoon.

What is the problem?
A deadline has been moved up.
Some funding has been reduced.
Some materials have not been delivered.
An architect is not available.

Which part of the renovations will likely be postponed?
A library addition
Some roof repairs
An electrical system upgrade
Some window replacements

What does the man mean when he says,"that's not a bad idea"?
He would like to hear more suggestions.
He prefers the original plan.
He agrees with the proposed solution.
He has a better idea.

Hi.abriella.wanted to talk to you about using the new online time reporting system...A lot of people have been asking 
about it.
Yes,well,I've been very busy.But I am planning the training session for early next week.That should make it quite clear to everyone.
OK.But isn't there any written documentation?
What do you mean?
You know,a guide that staff can follow in the meantime.I don't think that's necessary.I'll have everyone go through the steps with me in the computer lab.Then they'll know exactly what to do.It's very simple.

What are the speakers discussing?
Drafting a contract
Working extra hours
Using a new time reporting system
Revising a vacation policy

What does the man imply when he says,"A lot of people have been asking about it"?
Staff are confused about a procedure.
People have heard that a workshop is interesting.
Staff are waiting for a new assignment.
A vacation calendar has not been posted yet.

What does the woman plan to do?
Lead some training
Ask for assistance
Take some time off
Author a manual

Hi.I'm going on a trip,and I'm interested in buying an electronic reader so I don't have to carry books with me.
Well,we carry all major brands of e-readers here-I'm sure we can find the right one for you.
Oh,good.
Are you looking for any special features?
It has to be user-friendly-I'm not very good with technology.I just want to read books-not watch movies or play games.
In that case,I'd suggest this one.It's very easy to download e-books onto it,and it holds up to three hundred books.Here,let me show you how it works.

Where does the conversation most likely take place?
At an electronics store
At a public library
At a movie theater
At a travel agency

What is the man concerned about?
Repair fees
Difficult technology
Warranty terms
Screen size

What does the woman offer to do?
Call a supervisor
Provide a demonstration
Exchange an item
Apply a discount

Hi,I'd like to have this dress cleaned.I'm going to a conference at the end of this week,and I'd like to take it with me.Oh,and...can you tell me how much it'll cost?
Let me take a look...it's going to be twelve dollars.
Oh,that much?Your sign out front says dresses can be cleaned from seven dollars and up.
Well yes,but it's the material the dress is made of.We have to use special cleaning products to make sure we don't 
damage the fabric.
OK.
I can rush the service and have it to you by Wednesday evening.Does that work?

What does the woman say she will do later this week?
Attend a dinner
Go to a conference
Host a celebration
Visit her family

The dress is made of silk.
The dress is made of otton..
The dress is made of wool.
The dress is made of mixed synthetics.

What does the man say he will do?
Print a receipt
Expedite a service
Send a confirmation
Schedule an appointment

Hi,Jim.I hear you're going to the jazz concert on Friday.Can I ask you a favor?
Sure,what do you need?
A few of us from the graphics department are also attending the concert,but we have a meeting until six o'clock on 
Friday.Since there are no assigned seats,we were wondering if you could save a few places for us
That shouldn't be a problem.I don't have any meetings on Friday afternoon,so I plan to get there when the doors open.How many should I reserve?
Hmm...I'm not sure yet if Eduardo is joining us.Why don't I send him an e-mail right now,and I'll let you know how many seats to save.

What does the woman ask the man to do?
Record a performance
Save some seats
Check the time of a meeting
Arrange for transportation

Look at the graphic.When does the man plan to arrive at the concert hall?

What will the woman do next?
Print a confirmation
Send an e-mail
Approve a purchase
Request contact information

Hello,this is Sylvia Chen.I recently purchased a camera from your online shop.Unfortunately,when the camera arrived, the lens was scratched.I want to bring it to the post office this afternoon to return it for an exchange,but I'd like to 
speak to someone from your company before I mail it.You see,I'm moving to a new house next week,so the replacement will
have to be shipped to my new address.Please call me back so I can be sure your shipping department will send the camera to the correct address.

What is wrong with the camera?
It is missing a part.
It is an older model.
It is too heavy.
It is damaged.

Where does the speaker want to go this afternoon?
To a real estate agency
To a camera store
To a post office
To a warehouse

Why does the speaker request a return call?
To change an order
To arrange a rental
To confirm an address
To get driving directions

Now,turning to local news,the annual Art Walk festival will be held this Saturday.The festival offers residents the 
chance to discover local art galleries and to talk with gallery owners and artists.The walk starts at the Clareton City Hall,where you'll receive a map showing all the participating galleries. And this year,for the first time,food from 
local restaurants will be available at each gallery.Information about parking for the event can be found on the city's 
Web site.

What is happening this weekend?
A marathon
An art festival
A music concert
A community picnic

Where are listeners instructed to go first?
To a ticket booth
To a stadium
To a city hall
To a county park

What details can be found on the city's Web site?
Parking information
Rain dates
A map of the city
A list of musicians

Hello Alborada Apartments residents.Thank you for letting me speak at tonight's tenant meeting.My name is Jay,and I'm the new maintenance manager for the complex.In my first few days as maintenance manager,l've realized that many of you are having problems with the air conditioning in your apartments.So my crew and I will be coming around to each apartment over the next three weeks to inspect all the air conditioning units and decide which ones need to be replaced.The good news is,the pool will be opening for the summer next week.Don't forget to collect your pool passes from the main office on Monday.

Who is the audience for the talk?
Hotel guests
Maintenance staff
Apartment residents
Garden club members

What problem does the speaker mention?
The pool needs to be painted
A reservation has been lost.
Some air conditioners are not working.
The hotel restaurant is closed

What does the speaker remind listeners to do on Monday?
Check out on time
Sign a new lease
Make minor repairs
Pick up passes

Hi,everyone.Today we have some urgent business to attend to.I just received word that Moon-Hee Lee will be making a 
visit to our store tomorrow.For those of you who don't know,Ms.Lee is our regional manager,who oversees five stores in 
the area including this one.Now,it's very important that we give her a good impression,so I'm requesting that everyone 
stay a bit late today to help get the store cleaned and organized.And,since you'll be working extra hours today, you can each select a morning to take off next week.Just let me know which day you choose to come in later,so I can update the schedule.

Who is Moon-Hee Lee?
A regional manager
A new employee
A health inspector
A prospective client

Why does the speaker ask listeners to stay late?
To process a large order
To wait for a shipment to arrive
To attend a workshop
To prepare the store for a visit

What does the speaker offer the listeners?
A company dinner
A cash bonus
Some time off
Some merchandise

This is Scott Durlin,and you're listening to Scott's Money Advice on WYBR Radio Ninety-One,where we discuss how to 
handle all types of money and home-budget topics.I want to let listeners know,that as of today,you can download audio 
files of past broadcasts of our show from my newly updated Web site,scottsadvice.This is in addition to the usual links and interactive features on topics from the show.And I always like to hear from you,so please e-mail me any money 
questions you might have.I'll be sure to answer them on the air.Now let's return to our discussion of what to do when 
buying a car,with our guest,Nina Robinson.

What is the main topic of the radio show?
Financial planning
Web site design
Interior decorating
Car repairs

What has recently become available online?
Step-by-step instructions
Audio recordings
Product reviews
Free estimates

Why does the speaker say,"And I always like to hear from you"?
To arrange for a guest speaker
To ask for technical help
To thank his audience for their interest
To encourage listeners to contact him

Good evening!l'm so glad you all could make it tonight to
celebrate our company's expansion.When I first started this
greeting card company,it was only a small team of three people
struggling to make our business work.And now we have twenty
full-time employees,we've expanded our distribution,and we
even have a new,much larger office space.So please,before
you leave the banquet,pick up your gift bag.It's my personal
token of appreciation to thank all of you for your contribution to
our company's success.

What is being celebrated?
The completion of some renovations
The retirement of a colleague
An award for community service
The growth of a company

Who most likely is the speaker?
A lead architect
A business owner
A current client
A conference coordinator

What are employees asked to do before they leave?
Meet a public official
Be in a group photograph
Make a donation
Collect a gift

Hi,Mariko,this is Francois Duchamp calling from Human Resources.We're supposed to begin posting the laboratory assistant position this Friday.But,I don't know,have you seen the interview questions we use?Since you supervise the laboratory 
employees,'d really be interested in your opinion of them.It would be great if you have some time today to talk about 
this.I'm about to go to an early lunch,but I'll be at my desk until five o'clock this afternoon.Thanks.

What position is being advertised?
Program coordinator
Administrative assistant
Laboratory worker
Human Resources director

What does the speaker imply when he says,"have you seen the interview questions we use"?
He is confirming an assignment.
He has misplaced some forms.
He is concerned about some questions.
He wants the woman to lead an interview.

Why does the speaker want to meet with the woman?
To introduce an applicant
To ask for her opinion
To offer her a promotion
To plan an orientation

Hi,this is Laura Dunn.I'm calling about a catering order you just delivered for our corporate luncheon this afternoon.
I just realized that one of the food trays we ordered wasn't included-we're missing the pasta.Now,between the sushi and the chicken dish,we'll have enough food,but I wanted to make sure we get a refund on the pasta.Could you please process the refund to the same credit card I used to place the order?Thanks and have a nice day.

What event does the speaker mention?
A training session
A company lunch
A cooking contest
A grand opening

What is the problem?
An item is missing.
A delivery was late.
A discount was not applied.
A staff member is unavailable.

Look at the graphic.How much money will the speaker be refunded?

Good morning and thanks for inviting me to this board meeting.You asked me to find ways for our company to become more environmentally friendly,so here's what I came up with.Here are four options for desktop management software.After business hours,when most computers are not in use,these programs will automatically turn off our computers,saving costs and energy.All are compatible with the hardware we use,and the projected
savings are comparable for all four software systems. However,only one has a system for backing up data in an emergency.So that's the one I recommend.

Where does the talk most likely take place?
At a press conference
At a company meeting
At a job-training session
At a technology conference

What does the company want to do?
Hire a consultant
Purchase new desktop computers
Become more environmentally friendly
Have employees work at night

Look at the graphic.Which option does the speaker
recommend?

Welcome to your first day at The Harling Company!Your
role in handling customer inquiries over the phone will be
crucial to our sales.Here's your training calendar...So,
today,we'll get you set up and we'll teach you the basics
of the job.Then,for the rest of the week you'll be trained
one-on-one by your manager.You'll practice answering
the phones and receive feedback at the end of the week
on your interaction with the customers.You'll really enjoy
working with your managers,you'll see...they're great!
Oh,and one more thing:the company president wants to
meet all of you.So she organized a team lunch to welcome
you all.

What are the listeners training to be?
Computer technicians
Restaurant chefs
Assembly line workers
Customer service representatives

According to the speaker,what will the listeners enjoy doing?
Working with managers
Touring the company
Meeting with customers
Using new equipment

Look at the graphic.On what day will the listeners meet
with the company president?
