Neither the Chiba office nor the Nagoya office is hiring.

Mr.Aromdee will prepare a dish from his hometown of Bangkok.

Korean Star Airlines offers daily nonstop flights between London and Busan.

Mr.Hirose worked at Seventh Street Financial five years ago.

Most of the new employees were able to attend the orientation.

A loud beeping sound indicates that the copy machine has not been closed securely.

Please visit our Web site to find unique recipes made with Hahm food products.

Due to construction delays on Maplewood Avenue,employees will probably 
need to find alternate routes.

Bilto miniature model planes contain hundreds of small parts and must be assembled with care.

The creative image on this month's magazine cover is credited to Marlot Images.

Participation this year was the largest ever in the history of the Securitas conference.

Ms.Fields is not able to travel from New York to Buenos Aires without sufficient notice.

Yuvaves Transit Company drivers should have their vehicles inspected annually.

Cell Choice marketers are encouraged to become familiar with competitors'products and advertising.

The customer service department has seen a dramatic decrease in the number of complaints over the past year.

The financial review board has stated that no budget proposal may exceed ten pages.

As president,Ms.Min made great efforts to estabish a productive environment at Chae Investment Corporation.

The city council will meet tomorrow to field questions from residents
concerning the new water tower.

Cruz-Alva Oil provides competitively priced solutions for all your energy needs.

Southenic Electronics'technicians are on hand 24 hours a day so you can be at ease knowing help is always available

Strong strategic-thinking skills and sharp marketing instincts are important qualities for a successful product manager.

Operators of city buses will attend a training session on new vehicles in the coming months.

Renovations on the top floor of the Melaka Building are set to commence after the elevators are installed in early August.

At Ben Flores Blinds,first-time customers can benefit from introductory rates of 30 percent off.

Now that your return has been received,a refund will be issued to your account within three business days.

Last year,Entertainment Azusa,Inc.,and Sohn Multimedia decided that combining their expertise and resources would increase profits for both organizations.

Before the laboratory carts can be used to transport sensitive materials,technicians must wipe all exposed surfaces with
a disinfectant cloth.

As the publication date of the sequel to the controversial novel approaches,public anticipant is growing exponentially.

For the duration of Ms.Dernal's leave,her corporate and private accounts will be overseen by Jian Wu and David Dembo,respectively.

Improvements in irrigation technology throughout the region were followed by proportional gains in corn production.

