She's arranging some flowers.
She's moving a table.
She's putting on a jacket.
She's picking up a notebook.

A boat is docking at a pier.
Some birds are circling above the water.
A person is sitting on a beach.
Some children are digging in the sand.

The man is looking down at his keyboard.
The man is filing some documents.
The woman is handing a telephone to the man.
The woman is using a computer mouse.

A woman's walking up some stairs.
An awning extends over a shop entrance.
A group of people is leaving a building.
A brick patio is being swept.

Merchandise is being displayed in a store window.
A man is reading a sign on a wall.
Boots have been piled next to a door.
A man is examining a pair of shoes.

A guitar is leaning against a bookshelf.
Stacks of paper have been left on a desk.
Some boxes are balancing on a stool.
A lamp is suspended over a work area.

What time does the restaurant close.
At eleven o'clock.
It's close to the library.
No,it doesn't.

Who should I see about updating the Langdon account.
It's due by next Monday.
Mr.Travis is in charge of that.
For my laptop.

How long will it take to fix the copy machine?
About an hour.
Once every two weeks.
Sure,I can fix it.

Did you enjoy the dance performance last night?
A ballet company from Argentina.
Yes,it was even better than I expected.
A few more nights.

You've sent the invitations,haven't you?
Yes,I'll have some.
Which bakery?
No,Peter did.

Can we try that Brazilian cafe tonight?
There were a few more than that.
I went there last week.
A reservation for five.

When will my paperwork be ready?
On November second.
A variety of paper products.
Yes,a ten percent increase.

Where's the entrance to the hotel?
We've already booked the room.
Do you offer a discount?
Around the corner to the right.

How do you like your new apartment?
I made an appointment yesterday.
The third floor.
The location is perfect.

Whose glasses are these?
A history class.
They're not mine.
A stronger prescription.

Could you take these packages to the post office?
I'll be free after my conference call.
They're packaged by the dozen.
I haven't received any mail.

Why is the street closed?
Go straight ahead.
It's nearby.
Because they're doing repair work.

Is the doctor in today?
How often?
That's not a good day.
No,she's not.

What's going on in the building next door?
A reception's being held.
But I just turned it off.
I'm sure you're next.

That theater always sells out quickly,doesn't it?
I prefer comedies.
We sat in the first row.
True,so let's get our tickets now.

Do you want to fly to Sydney or go by train?
You know I don't like flying.
It was a pretty short trip.
To attend my sister's graduation.

Where'd you find that lovely winter coat?
Thank you,it was a gift.
Every January.
No,I haven't found them.

Should we remind Ms.Woods to send us the budget report?
I'd like to meet the reporter here.
Sales projections for the first quarter.
But the deadline isn't for another week.

When does Mr.Cho want to pick up his cake?
I'll carry it to the car for you.
He said he'd be in around three o'clock.
For his colleagues.

I haven't heard who the board chose as a chairperson.
Tomorrow morning at the latest.
Please take a seat.
I believe it was Mr.Peterson.

Will we focus on advertising in print media or online?
They're waiting in line.
Yes,it looks great.
Let's see what the team thinks.

Do you want to go to the art gallery opening on Friday evening?
Sorry,I'll be out of town.
I thought it was outstanding,too.
Her most recent work.

We'll have to cancel the company picnic.
Two days before the event?
Which catering service?
Yes,they had one.

Don't you know how to use the new computer system?
I was hoping you could train me.
No,she doesn't use it.
At the Fourth Street branch.

Why hasn't Jason been in the office all week?
No,I haven't seen him.
Typically until six o'clock or so.
You'll have to ask his manager.

Hi Tom.Are you still planning to join us when we interview Pim Juntasa on Wednesday?She seems like areally promising candidate.
Yes,you can count on me.I'll be there at two P.M.The usual place,right?Meeting Room A?
No.Actually,someone's already booked Meeting RoomA.So,instead,we'll be in the small meeting room on the first floor.
Good to know,thanks.Oh,and I've revised the interview questions.I'll pass out photocopies of them to everyone before Wednesday.

What is the conversation mainly about?
Promoting a product.
Preparing for an interview.
Resolving a complaint
Confirming travel plans

What does the woman say about Meeting Room A?
It was renovated.
It has no projector.
It is not available.
It is too small.

What does the man say he will do before Wednesday?
Present some recent findings
Speak with the maintenance crew
Assemble a new project team
Distribute a handout

Excuse me.I tried to pay for parking at the machine, but it doesn't seem to be working.It won't accept cash or my credit card.
Oh,I'm sorry.The machine is currently out of order.There was supposed to be a sign posted about that.But you can pay me here at the booth
OK,I entered the parking garage forty-five minutes ago,so how much do I owe?
If you've been here under an hour,parking is free,but I still need to validate your parking ticket so you can exit.

What is the problem?
A machine is not working
A credit card is damaged
A schedule is incorrect.
A roadway is blocked.

Where is the conversation most likely taking place?
At a bank
At a bus stop
At a parking garage
At a department store

What does the woman say she must do?
Close a facility early
Verify an address
Get a supervisor's signature
Validate a ticket

Steve,you mentioned you wanted to see that new Janet Carmen film.
Mhm.
Well,some of us in the department are going to see it tonight.
That sounds great,but I probably won't leave work until around seven.What time are you going?
We were planning on going at six thirty.Sure you can't come to that?
Yeah...I haven't finished this month's sales report yet.Are there any later showings?
Well,there is another one at nine o'clock,but I don't know if the others want to go that late.I'll talk to them and let you know.

What does the woman imply when she says,“some of us in the department are going to see it tonight"?
She will not be available until tomorrow.
She needs the man to do her a favor.
The man is invited to join a group.
A film was highly recommended.

Why is the man working late tonight?
He is going on vacation soon.
He wants to avoid rush hour traffic.
He needs to complete a report.
He is installing new software.

What does the woman offer to do?
Contact some coworkers
Locate a seating chart
Delay a presentation
Join a meeting

Hi,I'm with Spellman Technologies,and I'm calling to thank you and your company for the great job you did catering for our business luncheon last week.
Oh,don't thank me.Your event was planned by my colleague,Nadia.I'm sure she'll be happy to hear that you were pleased.
If Nadia's in the office,I'd like to tell her myself.
Actually,she's out today.But I can put you through to her voice mail so that you can leave her a message

Where does the woman most likely work?
At a flower shop
At a bookstore
At a catering company
At an employment agency

What does the woman mean when she says,"Oh,don't thank me"?
She does not like praise.
Her colleague thanked her already.
Someone else did the work.
An assignment was not difficult.

What will the man most likely do next?
Make an appointment
Provide a reference
Purchase some merchandise
Leave a message

Excuse me.My mobile phone's been very slow and sometimes loses calls,so I'm interested in a new one.
I'd be happy to help you find a new phone.Have you seen the latest smartphones we have on display?We have a few models 
at excellent prices.
Isaw those,butI read on your company Web site that you have some phones for sale at half price.
We do have several select phones available at half price.However,they're very basic phones.Smartphones like these,on the other hand,have features like Web browsing and road navigation that you wouldn't get from a basic mobile phone.Here,let me show you how they work.

What problem does the man mention?
His phone is not working properly.
He received an incorrect bill.
He cannot transfer some important data.
His battery charger is missing.

What did the man read online?
Some phones are available at a discount.
Service areas have been expanded.
Used phones can be recycled.
Repairs are done on-site

What will the woman do next?
Back up some files
Confer with a manager about a refund
Demonstrate advanced phone features
Describe some warranty plans

Are you sure you're going the right way to the conference center?It's taking longer than I expected,and I'm worried we're not going to get there on time.
I thought this was the right way,but now I'm not sure.I did have driving directions that came with the conference materials-too bad I forgot to bring them with me.
I say we'd better stop and find somebody who can help us out.I see a store up ahead.Maybe someone there can tell us which way to go.

What is the man concerned about?
Finding a parking place
Arriving on time
Paying an additional fee
Having enough supplies

What did the woman forget to do?
Arrange a meeting
Make a reservation
Notify some colleagues
Bring some directions

What does the man suggest?
Attending a workshop
Buying a map
Asking for assistance
Calling a conference organizer

Hello,may I speak to Min-Jae Park?It's about the renovations to Comet Bank.He's the architect,right?
Yes.But may I ask who's calling?
This is Sheryl Reed,the project manager for the Comet Bank renovations.I'm missing the drawings with the measurements 
for the main entrance,and I'm ordering the doors today.
OK,I'll put you through to Mr.Park.Please hold.
Thanks.
Hello?Ms.Reed?
Hello,Mr.Park.Could you possibly get me another blueprint?I can't find the drawings for the front entrance
Certainly,Ms.Reed.It'll take some time to print the plan, though.If you come by my office around three o'clock,I'll have it ready for you by then.

Who is Mr.Park?
A bank cashier
A construction worker
Ajournalist
An architect

What problem does Ms.Reed mention?
An invoice is incomplete.
An office has closed.
A document is missing
A measurement is incorrect.

What does Mr.Park ask Ms.Reed to do?
Review a recommendation
Visit an office
Read a proposal
Approve a project

Hello.I saw a flyer about your research project on diet and nutrition.Are you still looking for participants for that 
study?
Yes,we still need about ten more participants.But in order to take part in the study,you'll have to run,swim, or cycle 
for at least two hours each week.Is that OK?
Yes,but I don't have time to participate during the day because I work until six P.M.Is that a problem?
No,that'd be fine.There are only a few appointments we'd need to schedule.Why don't I e-mail you a copy of the consent 
form?It has a description of the study.

What is the purpose of the man's telephone call?
To ask about some lab results
To sign up for a gym membership
To register for a bicycle race
To inquire about a study

What does the woman say is required?
Two hours of weekly exercise
A medical history
Payment in cash
Healthy eating habits

What does the woman offer to send the man?
A consent form
A bill for services
A confirmation number
A schedule of events

Hi,Peter,this is Tanya Bryant.You helped me find an apartment last year.I was wondering if your agency could help me 
find a new one in the same neighborhood.
Oh-hi,Tanya.I'd be happy to help.You're currently in the Mount Eldon area,aren't you?
Yes,and I really like it.But I've recently set up my own business,designing jewelry and selling it online, so I'd like 
to find a two-bedroom apartment.I need to have another room to use as an office.
I have several apartments I could show you.How's your afternoon?

Why is the woman calling the man?
To order some gifts
To find a new apartment
To borrow some tools
To share some news

What does the woman say she has done recently?
Worked on her garden
Joined a community group
Started a business
Redecorated a room

Why does the man say,"How's your afternoon"?
To ask whether the woman is enjoying herself
To request help completing a project
To explain a vacation policy
To suggest a meeting time

Hello,Amanda.Do you have a few minutes to discuss the feedback I received on the training seminar I presented to the new engineers last week?
Sure!I heard that the comments were generally ver positive.The new hires said your explanations were very clear
Yes.However,they did mention that it was a lot of information to absorb in a short time.I was thinking that the next 
time I do this,I'd give them a break halfway through the seminar.What do you think?
That's a good idea.And maybe you could also set aside a half hour at the end so you'll have more time to answer all of  the trainees'questions.

What has the man recently done?
Developed a new product
Written a training manual
Given a presentation to new employees
Transferred to an international branch

What positive feedback does the woman mention?
Sales goals were exceeded.
Explanations were clear.
Production increased.
Customer service improved.

What change does the woman recommend?
Allowing more time for questions
Beginning a process earlier
Reserving a larger room
Revising a company policy

We've chosen an advertising firm to promote the new Colossus Tractor we're making.Several of the firm's
representatives will be visiting next week,and I've planned for you to give them a tour of the assembly line
on Tuesday.Is that OK?
Well,I'm having some of our production equipment serviced right now,so they wouldn't be able to see the assembly line   in full operation.The next day,Wednesday,would be better for the tour.
OK.The advertising reps are planning to leave Wednesday evening,but I think we should be able to squeeze in a tour      during the morning.'ll give them a call right now to make sure this time change is OK.

What is scheduled for Tuesday?
A tour of the facilities
A luncheon with retirees
A safety inspection
An equipment purchase

Why does the man suggest another day?
So that a complete process can be observed
So that there are enough workers available
So that production is not disrupted
So that a deadline can be met

What will the woman probably do next?
Apply for an extended warranty
Ask about changing some plans
Pick up some clients
Watch a training video

What does the man ask the woman to do?
Renew a contract
Schedule an interview
Increase the length of an article
Correct a mistake in a document

Look at the graphic.Which article's deadline will be changed?
"Exploring Sicily"
"Cheeses of Switzerland"
"Budget Tours"
"Paris by Bicycle"

What does the woman say she will send the man?
An itinerary
An expense report
Notes from a meeting
Ideas for future articles

Hi Lydia,this is Oliver,your editor at European Traves Magazine.Is now a good time to chat?
Sure,I have a minute
Great.Would you be able to increase the word count for your "Exploring Sicily"article to 2,000 words?
OK,there's plenty to cover on the topic.But I have another article due that same day.
Aha,I see that on your assignment chart.Let's extend the deadline for your other assignment by a
week-that way you can focus on Sicily.
Thanks-I appreciate it.By the way,I've been compiling some ideas for pieces to write this summer.I'll send
them to you later today for feedback.

Where does the man most likely work?
At a trade school
At a shipping company
At a store
At a factory

Look at the graphic.What is the woman missing?
Part A
Part B
Part C
Assembly instructions

What does the man offer to do? 
Cancel an order
Hire a technician
Provide a refund
Arrange a delivery

Customer service,Mark speaking.How can I help you?
Hi,Mark.l bought a chair from your store,and I was about to assemble it,but I don't think I have all of the
parts I need.
Oh,I'm sorry to hear that.Do you know what you're missing?
Well,I have all the long bolts for the legs but none of the other bolts for the seat.
OK,I have some replacement parts here at the store,and I can have the delivery driver drop them off at your
house this afternoon.How does that sound?
That'd be great,thanks!

Hi,Ms.Saldana,this is Ricardo Valdez from Wagner's Home Furnishings.I'm calling about the dining table and chairs that
you recently bought at our store.It appears that we made a mistake in entering your address into our customer files.When we tried to deliver your items,our truck driver found that the address we had for you didn't exist!When you get a      chance,please call back and give us your correct address.The truck's going out again tomorrow morning,so if you call us by five P.M.,we can deliver the dining set sometime tomorrow.

What does the speaker's business sell?
Furniture
Automobiles
Factory equipment
Real estate

What information does the speaker request?
An order number
Alaunch date
An inventory
An address

What is scheduled to happen tomorrow?
A new store location will open.
A factory will resume production.
A truck will make deliveries.
A sales promotion will begin.

Hello,this message is for Mr.Lehman.This is Mei Li from Sun Central Pharmacy.I'm calling to let you know
that your doctor called in your prescription for allergy pills earlier today.We usually have that medication in stock,
but unfortunately,we ran out yesterday.We'll get a new shipment in tomorrow,though.Your prescription will be ready for  you to pick up after two P.M.Please come by the front desk of the pharmacy when you stop in tomorrow.Thank you and have a good evening.

Where does the speaker most likely work?
At a laboratory
At a university
At a pharmacy
At a clothing shop

What problem does the speaker mention?
A product is not available
A clinic is understaffed.
An appointment must be canceled.
A store is closing early.

What is the listener instructed to do?
Bring some identification
Go to the front desk
Return a telephone call
Reschedule a delivery

And now for the Radio 10 Community Bulletin Board.The Riverdale Garden Club has announced that club members will be 
hosing the annual garden tour on Saturday and Sunday,May seventh and eighth.The event features tours of several local   gardens,which have been designed and planted by club members.Tickets are available for ten dollars each on the club's   Web site,www.RiverdaleGardenClub.com.Money raised from the sale of tickets will be used to repair the fountain in       Riverdale Park.

What type of event is being announced?
A tour of local gardens
A visit to a famous park
A reception for club members
A sale of home decorations

Why should listeners visit a Web site?
To view some photographs
To download a brochure
To purchase a ticket
To join an organization

According to the speaker,why is money being raised?
To preserve historic homes
To repair a fountain
To create a new park
To build a bridge
Hi,Chef Bertrand,this is Shelley calling from the restaurant kitchen.We just got today's fresh produce delivery,and I'm a bit concerned.There are quite a few extra vegetables here that aren't on our usual order list,but I don't remember any special events being scheduled this week,and I don't see any listed on the calendar.Did you order anything special?I   was going to call the supplier,but I thought I should check with you first.So,uh,remember I need to finish the kitchen  inventory this morning ..and it's already ten o'clock.Thanks.

Where does the speaker work?
At a farm
At a market
At a restaurant
At a shipping company

What problem does the speaker describe?
A staff member is not at work.
Extra items were delivered.
A business is closed.
A special event has been canceled.

What does the speaker mean when she says,"I need to finish the kitchen inventory this morning"?
She does not have enough ingredients.
Nobody has offered to help her.
She would like a response soon.
A special event will take place this afternoon.

Joan McLane,our guest lecturer tonight,began her
distinguished work as an economist right here in New York City.
She has long been recognized as an expert on Asian economic
development.Companies have come to value her thorough
understanding of what it takes to do business in Beijing,Tokyo,
and Seoul.Recently,Ms.McLane has given expert advice on
the Chinese market to one of the largest car manufacturers in the
world.We're very fortunate that she can speak to us tonight.On
behalf of the Dixon Research Institute,I'm pleased to welcome
Joan McLane.

What is the purpose of the talk?
To introduce a speaker
To promote a product
To announce an award
To describe a trip

What field does Joan McLane most likely work in?
Economics
Transportation
Publishing
Medicine

What has Joan McLane recently done?
Edited a book
Advised a company
Conducted an experiment
Started an organization

This is Marlene Saunders with the local news.The long-
awaited Chiltonville Medical Center opened on Tuesday.The
hospital complex reflects the most advanced thinking about
medical care.This includes wellness education sessions
on nutrition and exercise.An additional fitness facility is
scheduled to open in August,which will serve the local
population and include rehabilitation services.A hospital
spokesperson said the location is easily accessible by public
transportation,which visitors said they appreciated.For more
information about Chiltonville Medical Center,visit the Web site
at www.chiltonvillemedicalcenter.com.

What is the main purpose of the broadcast?
To describe a membership offer
To announce a hospital opening
To introduce some exercise classes
To congratulate medical staff

What addition is planned?
A children's playroom
A fitness center
Extra office space
Employee lounges

According to the spokesperson,what did visitors like?
The new Web site
The extended opening hours
The information desk
The convenient location

Hi,everyone,let's begin the weekly call-center staff meeting.
First of all,I wanted to let you know that lve just hired two
additional customer service representatives to help out on the
phones.Yes,I know that's not enough.But there isn't much I
can do with our budget.Anyway,their first day is next Monday,
but before they start,it's important that we revise our training
manual.I'm going to assign a section to each one of you.
Please go through your section,and if you see anything that
has to be corrected,please send me an e-mail with the page
number and your comments.I'll review all your suggestions and
make a final draft.

Who most likely are the listeners?
Customer service representatives
Software developers
Corporate attorneys
Financial advisers

What does the speaker mean when she says,"Yes,I
know that's not enough"?
She acknowledges her own mistakes.
She is worried about a deadline.
She wants the listeners to volunteer.
She recognizes the listeners'concerns.

What task does the speaker assign to the listeners?
Updating a mailing list
Revising training materials
Mentoring new staff
Learning to use a software program

Why is the store having a sale?
To celebrate an anniversary
To promote a grand opening
To compete with a nearby store
To introduce new products

Look at the graphic.What is the discount on the
featured product?

Where is a full list of discounts available?
Near the bakery
In the local newspaper
At the entrance
By each cash register

Hello,Priceway Grocery shoppers.It's our fifth anniversary,
and we're celebrating with a special sale this week.You'll
find savings on everything from canned goods to fresh fruits
and vegetables.And make sure you stop by our bakery,
where eyou can find our featured item-fresh-baked bread!
You won't want to miss it!A full list of discounts for this
week is available at the doorway to the store.Thank you for 
being our loyal customers over the past five years.
We hope to continue serving you for many years to come.

Priceway Grocery Discounts
Bread
Fruits
Canned items
Cereal

What does the speaker request that passengers do?
Store their luggage
Turn off their mobile phones
Fasten their seat belts
Double-check their seating assignments

Look at the graphic.How much does Internet access
cost for the duration of the flight?

What does the speaker say flight attendants will do later?
Show a video
Serve beverages
Distribute customs forms
Provide blankets

Attention,passengers.Welcome aboard Trilsen Airways flight
209 with nonstop service to Seattle.At this time,please
make sure your bags and personal items are properly stowed
in the overhead bins or under the seat ahead of you.Our
flight today will be about six hours long,and we expect an
on-time arrival.We'll be taking off in just a few minutes,so I'd
like to remind you that wireless Internet access is available on
this flight.You can refer to the brochure in your seat-back
pocket for pricing options.Once our cruising altitude has
been reached,flight attendants will come around with our
complimentary beverage service.

What industry does the speaker work in?
Game development
Film production
News reporting
Interior design

Look at the graphic.What company does the speaker work for?
Sylkview Studios
DTQ and Co.
Entertainable
Cube 9

According to the speaker,what will the company do in the next quarter?
Restructure a department
Reduce production costs
Negotiate a contract
Try a different business model

Alright everyone,here's the breakdown of this year's
video-game market shares.We're still among the top four
gaming companies,but we need to pay attention to DTQ's
rapid growth-they just surpassed us.eWe're not that far
behind at seventeen percent,but we need to keep up.Our
market experts attribute DTQ's expansion to its new business
model.DTQ now offers its games for free,with consumers
making extra purchases during the game.We think this
business approach could also help us attract new users,so
in the next quarter we're going to try it out with some of
our existing games to see if we can grow beyond our
seventeen-percent market share.

Ms.Iwata handed out copies of the agenda that she had printed for the meeting.

The food order for the conference must be sent to the caterer by Friday at 5:00 P.M.

The product review says that the Cozy Days space heater is slower to warm up than similar products.

Employees from San Jose International will arrive in Alajuela tomorrow for their first training session.

To apply for a driving permit,you must show two forms of identification.

Sales of Seviana Cosmetics have steadily improved since the new marketing campaign began last quarter.

Most applicants to Shim Accounting Services have completed a paid internship at the company headquarters.

Each Beehive Crafts Supply customer may redeem one coupon per visit.

Dietrich Dentistry asks patients to provide 24-hour notice to cancel a scheduled appointment.

The building inspection has been postponed until next week so that the electrical work
can be completed.

Mr.Carson will make all the arrangements for the company retreat next month

The cafeteria in Morris Hall offers complimentary breakfast and lunch for Arai and Ramos associates.

Visitors to Kensington Corporation must obtain guest passes from the security office prior to entering the facility.

Tachibana Pharmaceuticals'new method of combining chemical solutions will increase efficiency in the laboratory.

Lexino Publisher's dictionary database allows users to search for entries in multiple languages.

No one is permitted on the factory floor without proper safety gear.

Heidt Used Appliance Store guarantees that your purchase will arrive in working condition.

while Ms.Park appreciated the job offer from Seon Advisory Group,she declined the opportunity because she would have to relocate.

The convention center is located on Market Street,directly opposite Glenview Shopping Center.

Originally a small festival celebrating the town's heritage,the Clarytown Celebration has become one of the biggest     annual events in the area.

Priorities of the management team include improving productivity and reducing annual expenditures.

Those employees affected by changes to Linerex Corporation's health plan should watch the online presentation.

Senior human resources personnel need to have hosted at least two training events this year to be eligible for a bonus.

Aomori Agriculture Solutions specializes in increasing crop yields through the development of better farming techniques.

Chae Media,Inc.,plans to move forward with the renovation of its publishing house in Seoul.

The marketing team at Bescura Cars has created a series of deliberately humorous commercials,designed to appeal to younger consumers.

Programmers at Ulrich-Ahn Company are responsible for ensuring that software conforms to the established system standards.

Pour the cake batter into the pan and shake gently if the batter is unevenly distributed.

Geneto Technology uses three indicators of laboratory accuracy to ensure consistent results.

The financial figures released by Tsai and Wu International correspond only to expenses from the month of July.

There is no better time to visit beautiful Nova Scotia,and Nova Scotia Tours can help!With over 25
years inbsinss,we know how to plan vacations tailored to our clients'specifications.You and your
family can enjoy everything from our Gaelic fiddle music and Ukrainian heritage festivals to the
fresh,salty air and delicious seafood.For adventure seekers,there are many activities to keep you busy.Try whale watching,kayaking,or cycling.Or,if you prefer,relax and dine at any of our world-class restaurants.But don't wait.

Balmer Industries,one of the leading pharmaceutical companies in Switzerland,yesterday announced the appointment of Li Xia Qiao as its newest CEO.The announcement comes nearly two months after Edon Durian,the current head of Balmer,made public that he will retire at the end of the
year.Durian has led the company for seven years.Qiao is well-known in the industry for successfully heading several small pharmaceutical companies.The job at Balmer will be the first position she has held at the helm of an international firm of this size.Qiao,who currently resides in Basel,begins working in Zurich on 28 November.

Are you an amateur athlete looking for a challenge?Get ready for the premier competition of the year.Test your abilities at the Johannesburg Metropolitan Meet of Champions,where athletes from
Randburg,Roodepoort,and Sandton will have a chance to represent their hometowns and compete for prizes in a variety of sports.The meet will take place in Roodepoort on 30 March.It is open to athletes 15 years or older.To register, visit jmmchampions.co.za.Professional athletes are not eligible to participate in the competitions but may register as volunteers for the event.

Mr.Miyashita,the owner of The Miyashita Gallery of Kyoto,was pleased to display your work as part of the May Modem Artists Celebrion.He was particularly impressed with your stunning collection of oil paintings of everyday life in Madrid.He now hopes to present these pieces at his other gallery in Tokyo in September.Are they available for exhibition and sale?Any work that does not sell would be returned to you in October.Please infom us if you are interested and,if so,we can arrange a meeting to discuss compensation and further details.

Please use this temporary directory to navigate our store while it is under renovation.We are expanding Level 2,which previously held our shoe department,in order to build a food court for our valued customers.

Level 1 is Electronics and Technology Home Furnishings.

Level 2 is Closed for Renovations until June 4.
Level 3 is Children's Clothing and Athletic Equipment.
Level 4	is Women's Clothing and Men's Clothing and Shoes.

Why is the store under renovation?
To reorganize a clothing department
To expand a shoe department
To create an eating area
To add extra dressing rooms

Where are exercise machines most likely located?

Hi,Roberto.I just got to my hotel from
the airport but can't find the number for
PXY Enterprises.Do you have it?I
need to confirm today's client meeting.

Also,I talked to Marcia in finance.She said she hasn't
seen the report from your last trip.

Oh,that.I'll bring it to her when I get
back tomorrow.Thanks for the reminder.

OK,see you soon!

Who is Roberto?
A coworker of Noelle's
A financial consultant
An employee of PXY Enterprises
A travel agent

At 10:49 A.M.,what does Roberto most likely
mean when he writes,"she hasn't seen the
no report from your last trip"?
Marcia has been out of the office.
The report got lost.
Marcia will finish the report.
The report is late

You're invited!
Our computer specialists will demonstrate the latest computer tablets,
digital cameras,and phones.They'll explain how to operate various
devices and provide tips on how to choose the right computer for your
home or business.
Receive 20%off all paper and pens and 10% off all copy orders on
11 October only.

Offering the best in office supplies and equipment for 25 years

What is the purpose of the notice?
To introduce a Web site
To extend an invitation
To advertise a new computer
To promote a new copying service

What is available for a discount on October 11?
Computer tablets
Telephones
Digital cameras
Copy orders

All our crepes are filled with delicious fruit and served hot with dessert toppings.If you
have never tried these thin,sweet French pancakes,you're in for a treat!
Visit our central downtown location,easily accessible from the train station.Give us a call or
go to our Web site to place an order for pickup.Delivery is not available.

Fillings:Strawberries,Blueberries,Mangoes,Bananas
Toppings:Chocolate,Fudge,Whipped Cream,Marshmallows
(The first topping is free.Additional toppings are $.50 each.)

What is indicated about the restaurant?
It charges a fee for delivery.
It has a convenient location.
It is closed on weekends
It recently opened a new location.

What is stated about the crepes?
They come in different sizes
They cost $.50 each.
They are filled with chocolate
They are served cold

Artistics,Inc.,is proud to announce that our store has reopened at a new
location,2416 Whalley Avenue.We will continue to specialize in business
cards,flyers,posters,menus,catalogs,and other promotional materials.
In addition,our bigger space now allows us to offer the services of
an expanded team of graphic designers who can work with you to
conceptualize and design your product in order to achieve maximum visual appeal.

We invite you to visit our store and take a look at hundreds of sample 
cards,mailers,and brochures,all of which can be customized for your 
specific products or services.If you make a purchase of $200 or more in
printing services in the month of April,you will receive a complimentary 
100-count box of business cards .

What type of business is Artistics,Inc.
A printing company
An art gallery
A Web site design firm
An employment agency

What is indicated about Artistics,Inc.
It now has multiple locations.
It has hired additional staff.
It is expanding its online services.
It is open seven days a week.

What is offered with a purchase of $200 or more?
Free shipping
A set of business cards
A $25 gift card
A box of brochures

Savix Professional Workshop Series
Feedback Form
Workshop:Strategies for Effective Meetings
Attendee name:Monica Montero

Please select up to three factors that were most important in your decision to 
attend this workshop.

Facilitators of workshopo,Cost
Date and time of workshop,Length of workshop
Workshop topic

Please indicate whether or not you agree with the following statements.
The facilitators presented information in a compelling manner.
The facilitators seemed knowledgeable about the topic.
The facilitators proceeded at a good pace.
The knowledge and skills I gained will be useful at my job.
I would consider attending other workshops offered by these facilitators.
I would recommend this workshop to my colleagues.
Please indicate other comments and suggestions below.
While the material presented was helpful.I felt that one day was not enough
time to thoroughly cover the presenters'topics.Also.I would be interested in a
future workshop that addresses time management.

What is indicated about the workshop?
It was the fourth in a series
It was expensive.
It was crowded.
It was held in Ms.Montero's office
What is suggested about Ms.Montero?
She is an employee at Savix Professional Workshops.
She has signed up for another workshop.
She was familiar with the presenters before attending the event.
She wants to have meetings that are more productive.

160.What did Ms.Montero believe needed improvement?
The workshop location.
The workshop materials.
The length of the workshop.
The cost of the workshop.

I wanted to let everyone know that management has decided to postpone our annual company hiking trip,which is usually held in December.As all of you know,that is the busiest time of year for our car rental agency,and every year it is difficult to fit the trip into our schedule.The new date is 23 January.This should be more convenient for anyone who wants to go.

If you would like to help plan the trip,please call Sandra Logan in Human Resources at extension 45.She needs help coordinating meals for the day.She has already confirmed that we will be hiking the Tongariro Alpine Crossing up to the Emerald Lakes.

What is the purpose of the e-mail?
To schedule a meeting.
To make hotel reservations.
To explain a car rental policy.
To announce a change in plans.

What will occur in December?
An increase in business.
A sales meeting.
An employee award ceremony.
A company hiking trip.

According to the e-mail,why should people
contact Ms.Logan?
To rent a car.
To schedule an interview.
To help make food arrangements.
To select a vacation destination.

Does anybody want to get some lunch at the noodle shop across the street?
I'm in.
Me too.
Sorry,I have to stay to finish my presentation for our meeting this afternoon.Could somebody bring me something?
Sure,Francesca.We'll get your usual.What are you going to present?
I'm going to review how to log in to the new computer system.Mr.Cooke also wants me to make sure everybody understands the new technology policies.
Do you need help with that?
I might.Are you good at formatting artwork for a slide show?
I can come over to your desk in an hour and help you.
That would be great.
Will you include a demonstration in your presentation?I always find that helpful.
Yes,but I need to find a volunteer who hasn't logged in yet for the demonstration.
I haven't logged in yet.You can use me as your example.
Perfect.I'll walk you through the steps during the meeting.

what does Ms.Davis most likely mean when she writes,"I'm in"?
She is in the office.
She will go to the noodle shop.
She will attend the meeting.
She is logged on to a computer system.

What is indicated about the presentation?
It will take place over lunch.
It will be given by Mr.Yu.
It will last about an hour.
It will include graphics

What is suggested about Mr.Cooke?
He is giving a demonstration.
He is a new employee.
He is Ms.Briggs's supervisor.
He is setting up a new account.

Who will use the new computer system for the first time during the meeting?

Nancy Wollowitz,the front desk receptionist,will be taking a two-week
vacation from June 7 to June 21.A temporary worker has been hired from a placement agency to fill in for her during this time.His name is Michael Sans.He will take over most of her usual duties,including answering the phone,scheduling hair appointments,and checking clients in and out of the facility.Please introduce yourself to Mr.Sans and make yourself available should he have any questions.
Additionally,please make sure that you submit your time sheet by June 5.
Ms.Wollowitz will send in payroll information before she leaves,so your
pay will be deposited into your account on the normal payday of June 14.
This is important because Mr.Sans will not be trained to use our payroll
software.
If you have questions regarding this matter,please contact Ms.Wollowitz
before June 7 or me after that date,and we will be happy to help you.

Where do the recipients of the memo most likely work?
At a job-placement agency.
At an accounting firm.
At a hair salon.
At a doctor's office.

What is indicated about Ms.Wollowitz?
She is retiring.
She found a new job.
She is taking some time off.
She is Mr.Horge's supervisor.

By when should employees submit their hours?


A gold ring valued at $1,200 was found during storm cleanup at Avondale
Beach on Saturday morning.This was only one of many objects retrieved from the sand over the weekend by the Kirkland Sanitation Department.In preparation for Friday's fireworks show,municipal cleaning crews combed the beach on Saturday and Sunday to remove debris washed up by Thursday night's storm.
Crew member Liam O'Donnell,who has worked every storm cleanup for the last five years,said,"You wouldn't believe some of the things we find.Last year I pulled a vacuum cleaner out of the sand.But it's really common to find things like umbrellas,jewelry,coins,and even bicycles.These are things that beachgoers often forget or lose at the beach.When there's a storm,they all come to the surface,and we find them."
.
All valuables found by city cleaning crews are taken to the Kirkland Community Center.They are kept here for up to 90 days.During that time,anyone who has lost an item can look for it at the community center.Any valuables that are not claimed are sold at the annual community auction,which benefits the city library and parks.

What is the purpose of the article?
To report the weather.
To describe a cleanup effort.
To advertise jewelry.
To announce an annual auction.

What is suggested about Mr.O'Donnell?
He works for the city.
He owns a gold ring.
He was hired last month.
He lost an item at the beach.

What is stated about Avondale Beach?
It rents umbrellas to beachgoers.
It has a network of biking trails.
It was closed for 90 days.
It will host a fireworks show.

Thank you for giving me the great news.I'm glad to know we have so many subscribers returning for another season and that we also have an increase in new subscribers.Our advertising must be working!
In answer to your question,we still haven't yet made a decision about the final show.I'm hoping plans to produce After the Sun will work out.It is an expensive production,and the budget is still an issue.If we can't afford to do it,we'll have to mail the tickets for the first four shows to subscribers in August as planned.Then we can send the tickets for the final show in September,after it has been chosen.I'll let you know by the end of next week whether we have decided to go ahead with After the Sun.

Thank you for subscribing to the upcoming Belmont Community Theatre season!On behalf of the theatre,I want to welcome you.We are always pleased to have new subscribers,and I am certain you will be delighted with the upcoming season.Please find enclosed the tickets for the five plays for this season.
Play descriptions,performer biographies,and a complete schedule can be found on our Web site.If you have any questions,please contact the box office at 204-555-0142.
Subscribers enjoy exclusive benefits,including ticket exchanges,which can be made by phone,mail,or in person at the box office.Please be aware that programs and schedules are subject to change.

What is Mr.Bauers pleased about?
There will be an increased number of plays produced this season.
There are more season subscribers this year.
A positive review appeared in the local news.
The new advertising campaign is being launched.

Why is Mr.Bauers concerned?
Some tickets were lost in the mail.
A budget meeting was rescheduled.
A play might cost too much to produce.
Play rehearsals are behind schedule.

Why did Ms.Sharma send the letter to Mr.Harbaugh?
To confirm a schedule.
To thank him for his subscription.
To let him know about some changes.
To give him news about a new play.

What is suggested about the Belmont Community Theatre's upcoming season?
The fifth play will be After the Sun.
It will last longer than previous seasons.
There are new subscriber benefits.
The ticket prices have increased.

According to the letter,what can subscribers do on the Web site?
Exchange their tickets.
Select their seats.
Read about actors.
Contact the box office.

Restaurflex Supply.
Blue paper napkins with white trim.
Blue paper place mats.
Plastic cups with lids,1 liter,blue.
Food-grade plastic bags in blue.
If you have any questions,please contact your sales representative,Amine Guettera.

Congratulations on your new position and thank you for sending the invoice for the products I ordered.When I spoke with Emilia Katzenbach,my previous contact at Restaurflex,she offered a discount on item RX1800,bringing the unit cost from 30 cents to 20 cents each.I understand that your prices have increased,but The Gramerty is a longtime customer.Could you please speak to her to confirm this and then send us an updated invoice?
In addition,customers who ordered from our take-away menu have complained that the plastic lids on their containers did not close securely,and their soup leaked out.We never had this problem before our most recent order last December.I would like to return the remainder of this item,RX2028,and be reimbursed accordingly.Could you recommend a suitable replacement?

What most likely is The Gramerty?
A party-supply company.
A bank.
A restaurant.
A retail shop.

What is the same for each product on the invoice?
The size.
The color.
The logo.
The quantity.

What product does Mr.Mistry expect to be discounted?
Napkins.
Place mats.
Disposable cups.
Plastic bags.

Who is Ms.Katzenbach?
Mr.Mistry's supervisor.
The manager of The Gramerty.
A longtime customer of The Gramerty.
A salesperson at Restaurflex Supply.

What is NOT suggested by the e-mail?
Mr.Mistry has ordered from Restaurflex Supply previously.
Mr.Mistry has worked with Mr.Guettera many times.
Restaurflex Supply has recently raised its prices.
The Gramerty has received complaints from customers.

Instructions for San Aldo University Press Authors
San Aldo University Press is pleased to be publishing your forthcoming
book.Carefully follow these instructions for preparing and submitting
your manuscript.Failure to do so may result in book production delays
or increased production fees.
The text file of your manuscript should include all content from the title page to the list of references.
If applicable,save and supply digital artwork,tables,and charts as individual files.
If applicable,obtain signed permissions for digital artwork;permission forms can be obtained from me.
Review the author checklist,downloadable from me.
Please e-mail all these documents directly to your San Aldo University Press editor.

Your coauthor just e-mailed the remainder of your permission forms to me,and I now have all materials needed to begin the production phase for The Economics of Simple Living.A production schedule is enclosed;we are still on track for a July release.Please review and make note of important dates that require action from you and your coauthor.In the meantime,should you have any editorial questions,please contact me,as usual.
I look forward to your visit at the end of August,when we will have the kickoff of your promotional tour at San Aldo University's bookstore.
Best regards,

Talia,I shared our edits to the book jacket with Zahera and Eugene.They will e-mail the updated text for the book cover later today.We will need to provide immediate feedback,so keep checking your e-mail throughout the evening.
Thanks.

According to the instructions,what must authors do?
Approve an editorial schedule.
Complete a checklist review.
Submit their final manuscript over the Internet.
Include all tables and charts in one file.

What is true about The Economics of Simple Living?
It includes artwork.
It is available in an electronic version.
Its cost of production was high.
Its publication was delayed.

According to the letter,what will happen in August?
A bookstore will offer a discount
A book will be published.
Ms.Sadik will contact Dr.Kwon.
Dr.Kwon will travel to California.

Who most likely is Ms.Burstein?
Dr.Kwon's coauthor.
Dr.Kwon's editor.
Ms.Sadik's manager.
Ms.Sadik's assistant.

In the text message,the word "keep"in paragraph 1,line 6,is closest in meaning to continue.

Pizza Cook-Off-competitors will choose the ingredients to create the best pizza,and attendees will act as judges!Win one free cheese pizza each month for the remainder of the year.$5 entry fee. Sponsor is Bridgewater Pizzeria.Venue is Bridgewater Pizzeria.
Spring Garden Tour-visit some of the most beautiful home gardens in the city.Bridgewater's best home gardener will be awarded a $50.00 cash prize.Sponsor is Bridgewater Parks Commission.Venue is See Garden Tour map.

Walk for Health-complete the 5-mile walk around Swan Creek Park to receive a free two-week gym membership worth $30.All participants will receive a free "Get Fit!"T-shirt.Sponsor is Treager's Gym.Venue is Swan Creek Park north entrance.University String Quartet-enjoy the music of Haydn,Mozart,and Schubert in this performance featuring first violinist Jemiah Weisz.$10 entrance fee.Sponsor is Bridgewater University.Venue is University Concert Hall.

Since rain is likely on Sunday,I would like to move Matt Treager's event,which will take place outdoors,to Saturday and move yours to Sunday at noon.
We will update the festival Web site and send out an e-mail to notify festivalgoers of this schedule change.We will also post notices on the message boards in the park.Let me know if this works for you.

Yes,I can fill in for you tomorrow to meet with your clients and show them the properties.I'll let you know how it goes next week when you're back in the office.
Good luck with the tour judges.I hope you'll be $50 richer by Monday.

What is stated about the University String Quartet performance?
It requires an admission fee to attend.
It will be delayed because of the weather.
It was moved to a different venue.
It will end at 5:00 P.M.

What is the purpose of the first e-mail?
To advise festivalgoers that it will rain.
To provide feedback on a Web site.
To request a change to a schedule.
To announce an upcoming festival.

In the first e-mail,the word"notices"in paragraph 2,line 2,is closest in meaning to announcements.

Who most likely will participate in a festival activity on Sunday afternoon?

Why is Mr.Ogawa most likely unable to meet with his clients?
He is one of the festival organizers.
He is performing in a music concert.
He is a judge for a cooking competition.
He is competing in a festival event.

The grand opening of the Ocean Crest Mall in Marlow Bay is scheduled for next spring,and available spaces are filling rapidly.Once the mall opens,business expected to take off just as quickly.While the Ocean Crest Mall is not the only such establishment in Marlow Bay,it will be the first to open directly onto the boardwalk.The mall will include
boutiques,specialty stores,and a variety
of food vendors.
The mall management is hoping to attract business owners from outside Marlow Bay.According to rental manager Barbara Lancer,a number of the businesses that have rented space are new to the area.

"This was by design,"she explained. "The Marlow Bay City Council offered
the mall owners a tax incentive if we are able to bring new businesses to Marlow Bay.We're still a little short of our goal to have 75% of our spaces rented to nonlocal businesses.We are offering reduced rental prices on new leases for out-of-town businesses."Applications from business owners looking to lease retail and restaurant space will be accepted until the December 15 deadline.Interested business owners are encouraged to contact Lancer by e-mail at blancer.

I am a friend of Eric Raye,owner of The Shoe Horn,and he suggested that I contact you about a rental space in the Ocean Crest Mall.He told me about a great benefit that he received that is available to business owners like me.I own Edge Fashion and sell contemporary women's apparel.I.have two retail locations in the nearby city of Hazelton, and I am considering expanding to Marlow Bay.If possible,I would like to be near my friend's store,but I do not want a space that is beside a restaurant or food service.A space on the boardwalk side that overlooks the beach would be ideal.
Could you please send me a map of the mall showing any available spaces that might meet my needs?Also.could you provide information about the size of each space and rental fees?
Thank you in advance.

What is the purpose of the article?
To explain why the opening of a new mall has been postponed.
To announce plans to build a new mall.
To review the stores and restaurants in a new mall.
To encourage business owners to rent space in a new mall.

In the article,the phrase "take off"in paragraph 1,line 5,is closest in meaning to increase quickly.

What is stated about the Ocean Crest Mall?
It will be the only mall in Marlow Bay.
It will have direct access to the boardwalk.
It will include 75 retail spaces to rent.
It will open for business on December 15.

What is indicated about Mr.Raye?
He is a friend of Ms.Lancer.
His business was the first to open.
He is paying a reduced rental rate.
His store opens onto the beach.

What space will Ms.Fernandez most likely be interested in renting?