Thank you for giving me the great news.I'm glad to know we have so many subscribers returning for another season and that we also have an increase in new subscribers.Our advertising must be working!
In answer to your question,we still haven't yet made a decision about the final show.I'm hoping plans to produce After the Sun will work out.It is an expensive production,and the budget is still an issue.If we can't afford to do it,we'll have to mail the tickets for the first four shows to subscribers in August as planned.Then we can send the tickets for the final show in September,after it has been chosen.I'll let you know by
the end of next week whether we have decided to go ahead with After the Sun.

Thank you for subscribing to the upcoming Belmont Community Theatre season!On behalf of the theatre,I want to welcome you.We are always pleased to have new subscribers,and I am certain you will be delighted with the upcoming season.Please find enclosed the tickets for the five plays for this season.
Play descriptions,performer biographies,and a complete schedule can be found on our Web site.If you have any questions,please contact the box office at 204-555-0142.
Subscribers enjoy exclusive benefits,including ticket exchanges,which can be made by phone,mail,or in person at the box office.Please be aware that programs and schedules are subject to change.

What is Mr.Bauers pleased about?
There will be an increased number of plays produced this season.
There are more season subscribers this year.
A positive review appeared in the local news.
The new advertising campaign is being launched.

Why is Mr.Bauers concerned?
Some tickets were lost in the mail.
A budget meeting was rescheduled.
A play might cost too much to produce.
Play rehearsals are behind schedule.

Why did Ms.Sharma send the letter to Mr.Harbaugh?
To confirm a schedule
To thank him for his subscription
To let him know about some changes
To give him news about a new play

What is suggested about the Belmont Community Theatre's upcoming season?
The fifth play will be After the Sun.
It will last longer than previous seasons.
There are new subscriber benefits.
The ticket prices have increased.

According to the letter,what can subscribers do on the Web site?
Exchange their tickets
Select their seats
Read about actors
Contact the box office
