Instructions for San Aldo University Press Authors
San Aldo University Press is pleased to be publishing your forthcoming
book.Carefully follow these instructions for preparing and submitting
your manuscript.Failure to do so may result in book production delays
or increased production fees.
The text file of your manuscript should include all content from the title page to the list of references.
If applicable,save and supply digital artwork,tables,and charts as individual files.
If applicable,obtain signed permissions for digital artwork;permission forms can be obtained from me.
Review the author checklist,downloadable from me.
Please e-mail all these documents directly to your San Aldo University Press editor.

Your coauthor just e-mailed the remainder of your permission forms to me,and I now have all materials needed to begin the production phase for The Economics of Simple Living.A production schedule is enclosed;we are still on track for a July release.Please review and make note of important dates that require action from you and your coauthor.In the meantime,should you have any editorial questions,please contact me,as usual.
I look forward to your visit at the end of August,when we will have the kickoff of your promotional tour at San Aldo University's bookstore.
Best regards,

Talia,I shared our edits to the book jacket with Zahera and Eugene.They will e-mail the updated text for the book cover later today.We will need to provide immediate feedback,so keep checking your e-mail throughout the evening.
Thanks.

According to the instructions,what must authors do?
Approve an editorial schedule
Complete a checklist review
Submit their final manuscript over the Internet
Include all tables and charts in one file

What is true about The Economics of Simple Living?
It includes artwork.
It is available in an electronic version.
Its cost of production was high.
Its publication was delayed.

According to the letter,what will happen in August?
A bookstore will offer a discount
A book will be published.
Ms.Sadik will contact Dr.Kwon.
Dr.Kwon will travel to California.

Who most likely is Ms.Burstein?
Dr.Kwon's coauthor
Dr.Kwon's editor
Ms.Sadik's manager
Ms.Sadik's assistant

In the text message,the word "keep"in
paragraph 1,line 6,is closest in meaning to continue.
