Pizza Cook-Off-competitors will choose the ingredients to create the best pizza,and attendees will act as judges!Win one free cheese pizza each month for the remainder of the year.$5 entry fee. Sponsor is Bridgewater Pizzeria.Venue is Bridgewater Pizzeria.
Spring Garden Tour-visit some of the most beautiful home gardens in the city.Bridgewater's best home gardener will be awarded a $50.00 cash prize.Sponsor is Bridgewater Parks Commission.Venue is See Garden Tour map.

Walk for Health-complete the 5-mile walk around Swan Creek Park to receive a free two-week gym membership worth $30.All participants will receive a free "Get Fit!"T-shirt.Sponsor is Treager's Gym.Venue is Swan Creek Park north entrance.University String Quartet-enjoy the music of Haydn,Mozart,and Schubert in this performance featuring first violinist Jemiah Weisz.$10 entrance fee.Sponsor is Bridgewater University.Venue is University Concert Hall.

Since rain is likely on Sunday,I would like to move Matt Treager's event,which will take place outdoors,to Saturday and move yours to Sunday at noon.
We will update the festival Web site and send out an e-mail to notify festivalgoers of this schedule change.We will also post notices on the message boards in the park.Let me know if this works for you.

Yes,I can fill in for you tomorrow to meet with your clients and show them the properties.I'll let you know how it goes next week when you're back in the office.
Good luck with the tour judges.I hope you'll be $50 richer by Monday.

What is stated about the University String Quartet performance?
It requires an admission fee to attend
It will be delayed because of the weather.
It was moved to a different venue.
It will end at 5:00 P.M.

What is the purpose of the first e-mail?
To advise festivalgoers that it will rain
To provide feedback on a Web site
To request a change to a schedule
To announce an upcoming festival

In the first e-mail,the word"notices"in paragraph 2,line 2,is closest in meaning to announcements.

Who most likely will participate in a festival activity on Sunday afternoon?

Why is Mr.Ogawa most likely unable to meet with his clients?
He is one of the festival organizers.
He is performing in a music concert.
He is a judge for a cooking competition.
He is competing in a festival event.


