The grand opening of the Ocean Crest Mall in Marlow Bay is scheduled for next spring,and available spaces are filling rapidly.Once the mall opens,business expected to take off just as quickly.While the Ocean Crest Mall is not the only such establishment in Marlow Bay,it will be the first to open directly onto the boardwalk.The mall will include
boutiques,specialty stores,and a variety
of food vendors.
The mall management is hoping to attract business owners from outside Marlow Bay.According to rental manager Barbara Lancer,a number of the businesses that have rented space are new to the area.

"This was by design,"she explained. "The Marlow Bay City Council offered
the mall owners a tax incentive if we are able to bring new businesses to Marlow Bay.We're still a little short of our goal to have 75% of our spaces rented to nonlocal businesses.We are offering reduced rental prices on new leases for out-of-town businesses."Applications from business owners looking to lease retail and restaurant space will be accepted until the December 15 deadline.Interested business owners are encouraged to contact Lancer by e-mail at blancer.

I am a friend of Eric Raye,owner of The Shoe Horn,and he suggested that I contact you about a rental space in the Ocean Crest Mall.He told me about a great benefit that he received that is available to business owners like me.I own Edge Fashion and sell contemporary women's apparel.I.have two retail locations in the nearby city of Hazelton, and I am considering expanding to Marlow Bay.If possible,I would like to be near my friend's store,but I do not want a space that is beside a restaurant or food service.A space on the boardwalk side that overlooks the beach would be ideal.
Could you please send me a map of the mall showing any available spaces that might meet my needs?Also.could you provide information about the size of each space and rental fees?
Thank you in advance.

What is the purpose of the article?
To explain why the opening of a new mall has been postponed
To announce plans to build a new mall
To review the stores and restaurants in a new mall
To encourage business owners to rent space in a new mall

In the article,the phrase "take off"in paragraph 1,line 5,is closest in meaning to increase quickly.

What is stated about the Ocean Crest Mall?
It will be the only mall in Marlow Bay.
It will have direct access to the boardwalk.
It will include 75 retail spaces to rent.
It will open for business on December 15.

What is indicated about Mr.Raye?
He is a friend of Ms.Lancer.
His business was the first to open.
He is paying a reduced rental rate.
His store opens onto the beach.

What space will Ms.Fernandez most likely be interested in renting?
